Prepare 3.44.0 (#2876)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

3.44.0 (2021-09-16)
-------------------

Changes

- CumulusCI uses package version Ids from 1GP releases wherever available, reducing the need to install 1GP packages in an org to build 2GP dependencies. (#2832)
- We added ``metadata_package_id`` and ``version_id`` options to allow passing ``MetadataPackage`` (prefix 033) and ``MetadataPackageVersion`` (prefix 04t) IDs to the push upgrade tasks. (#2837)
- ``cci flow info`` will now output all flow options defined. (#2845)

> - We improved error messages for incorrect data mapping files (#2831).

Reviewer: This one is more of an issue closed, I'd say

Author: I see it as a feature - we didn't fix any actual issue, but improved the UX.

Reviewer: the issue was that it used to raise an exception that didn't include enough information to tell where the misconfiguration was. but it's a grey area; this can stay

Reviewer: er, we should probably add "in the bulk data tasks" though so that people are less inclined to scratch their heads trying to remember if they're using data mapping files

> - The ``snowfakery`` task supports ``loading_rules`` to be supplied in addition to implied by filename (#2861)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``snowfakery`` task supports specifying the ``loading_rules`` option (#2861)
```

> - The ``snowfakery`` task supports recipe options being supplied to recipes as the older ``generate_and_load_from_yaml`` task did (#2861).

Reviewer: can we at least mention the name of the option so users know what to search for for more information?

Issues Fixed

- We fixed some errors in the documentation (#2854)

> - We added a workaround for issue #2809.

Reviewer: Isn't this the new feature on line 11?

- We fixed an issue causing CumulusCI to fail to install releases that contain an Unlocked Package without a namespace. (#2851)

> - We added handling for issues that occur when loading the schema for very large orgs (#2860).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added handling for issues that occur when running the `generate_dataset_mapping` task for very large orgs (#2860).
```

(this is the only place the schema cache is currently used)
